README.md, before:

![](banner.png?raw=true)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)
# Peapod Hackathon

Hackathon Ideas in Peapod

## List of ideas

- [ ] PodProd Wi-Fi configuration on Raspberry PI
- [ ] Driver's real time routing visualization from Road Net
- [ ] Custom dashboard for splunk logs on Raspberry PI
- [ ] Deploy automation scripts for Release Notes, and post to Slack and related mail lists
- [ ] Google Assistant for adding order to Peapod
- [ ] Peapod CLI, a hacky way to order from Peapod
- [ ] Web Interface to Peapod CLI - terminal web emulator to CLI
- [ ] Peapod Tinder-like Product Preference App (B2B)
- [ ] Selenium smoke test for Peapod app
- [ ] Peapod search term, failed finds, etc. wordcloud visualization
- [ ] Peapod app (Dynamo) specific dead code finder
- [ ] Price comparison app
- [ ] Non-ahold store receipts images convert to past purchase items 
- [ ] Wasm-based toolchain/product
- [ ] Assisted development environment setup (think Ninite but curses-based)
- [ ] Kotlin-based mobile app (if possible)
- [ ] Wifi-based context service (when device connects to wifi, do a thing)
- [ ] Desktop integration, Electron-based or otherwise
- [ ] Peapod ordering server (another way to integrate Peapod stuff)
- [ ] Kitchen status service (has something gone bad, etc.)

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors#emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
| [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/3869412?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub>Jeroen Engels</sub>](https://github.com/jfmengels)<br />[📖](https://github.com/soleo/peapod-hackathon/commits?author=jfmengels "Documentation") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/625619?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub>Ray Perry</sub>](http://catastrophestudios.com)<br />[📖](https://github.com/soleo/peapod-hackathon/commits?author=RaycatRakittra "Documentation") | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/8826640?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub>Andrew Kang</sub>](https://github.com/akang1108)<br />[📖](https://github.com/soleo/peapod-hackathon/commits?author=akang1108 "Documentation") |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

add activity to the first hackthon

README.md, after:

![](banner.png?raw=true)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)
# Peapod Hackathon

Hackathon Ideas in Peapod

## Activities 

- First Hackathon 
    - Date: May 24th, 2017 Wednesday 5:00 PM - 8:00 PM
    - Location: PPL 9th Floor, The Loop
    - What and How: Pick any of ideas below and your own ideas, and hack it in 3 hours window, and try to demo it at the end of Hackathon. No prizes, and no pressures. Just have fun to show off your skills/ideas.  

## List of ideas

- [ ] PodProd Wi-Fi configuration on Raspberry PI
- [ ] Driver's real time routing visualization from Road Net
- [ ] Custom dashboard for splunk logs on Raspberry PI
- [ ] Deploy automation scripts for Release Notes, and post to Slack and related mail lists
- [ ] Google Assistant for adding order to Peapod
- [ ] Peapod CLI, a hacky way to order from Peapod
- [ ] Web Interface to Peapod CLI - terminal web emulator to CLI
- [ ] Peapod Tinder-like Product Preference App (B2B)
- [ ] Selenium smoke test for Peapod app
- [ ] Peapod search term, failed finds, etc. wordcloud visualization
- [ ] Peapod app (Dynamo) specific dead code finder
- [ ] Price comparison app
- [ ] Non-ahold store receipts images convert to past purchase items 
- [ ] Wasm-based toolchain/product
- [ ] Assisted development environment setup (think Ninite but curses-based)
- [ ] Kotlin-based mobile app (if possible)
- [ ] Wifi-based context service (when device connects to wifi, do a thing)
- [ ] Desktop integration, Electron-based or otherwise
- [ ] Peapod ordering server (another way to integrate Peapod stuff)
- [ ] Kitchen status service (has something gone bad, etc.)

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors#emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
| [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/3869412?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub>Jeroen Engels</sub>](https://github.com/jfmengels)<br />[📖](https://github.com/soleo/peapod-hackathon/commits?author=jfmengels "Documentation") | [<img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/625619?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub>Ray Perry</sub>](http://catastrophestudios.com)<br />[📖](https://github.com/soleo/peapod-hackathon/commits?author=RaycatRakittra "Documentation") | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/8826640?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub>Andrew Kang</sub>](https://github.com/akang1108)<br />[📖](https://github.com/soleo/peapod-hackathon/commits?author=akang1108 "Documentation") |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
